[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Majin Buu absorbed Gotenks,
Piccolo, and Gohan,
gaining their intelligence
and power.
In a last ditch effort
to stop Buu,
Goku and Vegeta merged together,
becoming the
incredible warrior, Vegetto.
I call this version
Super Vegetto!
[NARRATOR] The extreme
strength of Super Vegetto
overwhelmed Majin Buu,
even after the evil beast
had achieved
the ultimate power up.
You said I'd pay
for mocking you, remember?
After all, you can't
say you're the strongest
until I'm defeated.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[SUPER BUU growls]
[SUPER BUU growling]
[inhales]
What are you waiting for?
Give me all you've got.
Use some of
that power against me
instead of just
causing earthquakes.
Never mind Buu. What are you
waiting for, Vegetto?
Come on. Finish that
puffy pink punk while you can!
[gasps]
[SUPER BUU groaning]
[screaming]
[VEGETTO chuckles]
[yells]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Did you really think
I'd fall to pieces
and die that easily?
Think? No, but hope? Maybe.
Ha!
Consider that a preview.
Pretty soon, I'll be using
one of those
on the rest of your parts.
And when that time comes,
I doubt even with
all your resources
you'll be able to put the
pieces back together again.
[SUPER BUU growling]
Don't be so sure!
Wait. "Pretty soon"?
Why is he dragging this out
any longer than necessary?
If Vegetto gives him
the slightest opening,
Buu could seize
the opportunity to
break down the barrier
between dimensions!
Looks like he's
toying around with him.
Hey! This ain't
some kinda game here!
So quit dawdling
and finish off Majin Buu
once and for all!
It wasn't supposed to
be like this!
[VEGETTO]
Yeah, you're telling me.
But hey, I'm as
surprised as you are.
I mean, come on,
who would've ever thought
it'd be this
ridiculously easy for me
to make a fool out of you?
Fine! If you wanna
play rough, let's go!
[SUPER BUU GHOST A yawns]
[SUPER BUU GHOSTS]
Ta-da!
[laughing]
Ha! Brace yourself for my
Super Ghost Kamikaze Attack!
[VEGETTO] Your attack? I think
you mean the attack
you stole from Gotenks, right?
Oh. So you saw him use it?
Then you already know
how terrifying
these little ghosties can be!
So much as touch them,
and they'll explode on contact!
[ALL laughing]
Oh yeah, those guys are
super scary all right.
[chuckles]
Go!
[SUPER BUU GHOSTS laughing]
But I'm scarier!
[ALL gasp]
Catch!
[SUPER BUU GHOSTS yell]
Come on, did you really
think something like that
was gonna work on me?
I mean, it's a move
made up by a little kid.
You're getting
pretty desperate if that's
the best you've got, I'd say.
[SUPER BUU] Oh, I wasn't
expecting much from that gambit.
I've never used
the technique before.
So that was just
a light warm-up for me.
But I agree
with your overall point.
What your young friend
did with his ghosts
was just a juvenile
gimmick. However...
[grunting]
[VEGETTO]
Hm?
[chuckles]
They can be used
in a more mature fashion.
As you're about to witness!
Doubling their numbers
hardly makes this more mature.
Go! Fly, my ghosties!
Super Ghost Kamikaze Attack!
--[SUPER BUU GHOSTS yell]
--Move right!
[ALL]
Ka... me...
What? No way!
[ALL]
...ha... me...
Ha!
[SUPER BUU laughing]
You're kidding--
they can steer their blasts?
Got you now!
Uh-oh!
[ALL]
Blah-la-la-la-la!
Masenko... Ha!
[laughing]
That's what you get for not
respecting my power.
You fool!
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
I don't know,
looks like you're the fool.
Can't believe you
haven't caught on by now.
[ALL]
Instant Transmission again.
[VEGETTO] It wasn't a bad idea,
coming from you, anyway.
Even in this form,
there's no way I'd been able
to survive a
combination Kamehame-Ha
and Mansenko double-attack.
[ALL growl]
But lucky for me,
a souped up child's technique
is still a child's technique.
So it wasn't
too tough to escape.
Hmm. Thought you were
a little stronger than this,
but guess I was wrong.
Are you gonna make me
take this fight seriously,
or should I just go take a nap?
[ALL growling]
[SUPER BUU grunts]
[ELDER KAI]
Hey, quit playing around
and just get it over with!
This isn't just
for your amusement!
The world is at stake!
I can't figure it out.
What's he planning to do?
Planning? The fool's
not planning anything!
He's become too strong!
Mark my words.
No good will come of
all his showboating theatrics!
[yelling]
[groaning]
I told you,
following an opponent's moves
by their energy was crucial.
You know, Buu,
you've really gotta work
on your listening skills.
You, shut up!
It's not fair. You two cheated
by merging together!
Says the guy who
swallowed most of my friends
and stole all of their powers,
and yet still is losing to me.
Oh, come on!
Are you even trying?
I could defeat you with
nothing but my right leg!
That's enough!
[yells]
[MR. SATAN]
Hey. Are we there yet?
[distant rumble]
Uh! What was that?
It sounded pretty boom-y!
I think we're most likely
hearing Goku clash with Buu.
Aah! Must be some heavy hitting
if we can hear 'em out here!
[SUPER BUU groans]
All right, Buu, you still
don't seem to get it,
so maybe I just need to spell
it out for you more clearly.
See, you have no chance
of defeating me.
None whatsoever.
Zip, zilch, zero.
No matter how hard you try,
there's simply no version
of this fight
where you come out
on top. Sorry, no dice.
[growling]
So, what'll it be?
You still wanna play
this pointless game?
Of course I want to fight.
I know there's no way
I can lose!
I am the mightiest warrior
in the universe!
So, bring it on.
Come at me with all you've got!
What's wrong? Are you afraid?
[VEGETTO]
Heh.
Yes, that's it.
Come on. Keep coming.
You talk a big game,
now don't you?
But you're just a coward
with nothing to back it up.
Come on, quit stalling!
Hmph! Wow, this guy
just never learns.
[SUPER BUU]
Perfect.
I've got a question for you.
Tell me what you think
of coffee candies?
Huh?
[screaming]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Oh yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Oh yeah, in your face,
you big, dumb idiot!
I gotcha good! That's what
you get for coming too close!
Yeah! Oh yeah!
No! Oh, no!
You imbecile! I said
to finish him quickly,
but did you listen to me?
No, of course not!
This is what happens
when you get cocky!
And now Buu's got you in
the palm of his hand! Literally!
[laughing]
I'm gonna enjoy chewing
you up in one big bite!
Or maybe I'll just let you
dissolve in my mouth
and make it last longer!
[SUPER BUU laughing]
I did it! I finally did it!
[laughing]
A great fighter
reduced to candy!
Can't lay a hand on me now!
But, don't you worry.
I'll give you a fitting end.
Slowly. Little by little, I'll
dissolve you inside my mouth,
and then when there's
barely anything left of you,
I'll chomp down,
and chew you to bits!
[laughing]
[groaning]
[VEGETTO chuckles]
Sorry to burst your bubble, Buu,
but you can't
get rid of me that easily.
No, this can't be possible!
[VEGETTO]
Yeah, I'm shocked, too.
Apparently, even in this form,
my strength is the same.
[VEGETTO grunting]
[SUPER BUU]
Aah!
[VEGETTO] Fortunately, my speed
hasn't been limited either.
Now if I only had limbs,
I'd be as agile as ever!
So what do you say?
Still wanna fight,
even though your opponent
is the strongest candy
in the world?
Shut up! So what
if you can float around?
You're just candy!
What are you gonna do,
give me a cavity?
[VEGETTO] Sure you wanna find
out what I can do?
Besides, if my
current size puts anyone
at a disadvantage, it's you.
Good luck landing a punch
on me, as small as I am.
"Landing a punch"?
Who said anything
about punching you?
Why would I do that
when all I have to do
is catch you and
pop you into my mouth?
And then devour you!
[VEGETTO]
Oh, well in that case,
I won't bother
holding back. Here goes!
Coffee Surprise!
[VEGETTO] Hey, don't say
I didn't warn you.
Like I said,
I'm as strong as ever.
[VEGETTO]
Whoo. Need a breather?
Wait, what happened to your
plan to catch me and eat me?
Oh, well.
If you won't come to me,
I'll have to come after you!
[groans]
I'm going to enjoy this!
[SUPER BUU groaning]
Will you just hold still?
For one second?
[screams]
[VEGETTO] Sorry about that.
You just seemed so desperate
to eat me, I thought I'd help
by landing right in your mouth.
Guess that's why they
call 'em jawbreakers, huh?
[VEGETTO] So what now?
You wanna keep going?
[SUPER BUU growls]
[SUPER BUU]
As you were!
That's it? So I'm
not candy anymore?
You've pulled
every trick in the book.
But it still doesn't
look like anything's
going your way, does it?
[KIBITO KAI sighs]
Oh, thank goodness!
That stress was
taking years off my life!
You moron! As long as
that puffy pink terror
is still breathing, every living
creature in the universe
is gonna have all of the years
taken off of their lives!
Oh. I guess you're right.
I humbly apologize.
Come on. Enough already!
We get it. You're strong.
Now quit flexing
your muscles a minute
and defeat this guy
once and for all!
[screams]
[SUPER BUU yells]
[SUPER BUU groaning]
[VEGETTO]
Hmph.
[SUPER BUU yells]
[chuckles]
[screaming]
[VEGETTO] Hey, what's wrong?
Don't tell me you're gonna
cry uncle before
I even have a chance
to fight like I really mean it!
But you said so yourself, right?
You're supposed to be
the best there is.
[SUPER BUU grunting]
Huh?
--[VEGETTO yells]
--[SUPER BUU screams]
[groaning]
Good as new.
Oh really? You coulda fooled me.
What the--? Augh!
It looks to me like
I did more damage than
even your impressive powers of
regeneration could keep up with.
[yells]
Well, I'm getting kinda
bored of running circles
around you, so I think
it's time to wrap this up.
That's what you think
you've been doing?
Running circ--
[VEGETTO]
Shut up and listen.
I know you've stolen enough
brains now to realize the truth.
I've totally owned you
in this fight.
You can't deny that.
So what to do now? Hmmm.
[gasps]
Ten seconds. I'll give you
that long to say your prayers.
Or whatever it is you need to
do, then I'll blast you to hell.
Okay. Here I go.
One...
Two...
Three...
What are you waiting for?
Get your act together, already!
When you're this far
into a corner,
there's only one thing
to do. So just do it!
Four...
Five...
[SUPER BUU] At this point,
the only option I have left
is to absorb this guy.
But how? How am I
supposed to pull that off?
[VEGETTO]
Six...
[SUPER BUU]
Huh? Is that?
Ah, it is. The piece
he severed from me earlier.
[VEGETTO]
Seven...
Eight...
[VEGETTO]
So, you finally caught on.
That's the whole reason
I even bothered ripping that
ugly tentacle thing off
your head in the first place.
[SUPER BUU] Ah. Perfect.
He's let his guard down.
[VEGETTO]
Nine...
[VEGETTO] Now to see if this
crazy plan actually works.
Ten!
--[SUPER BUU yells]
--Barrier!
[yells]
[laughing]
I did it.
[NARRATOR] And now,
even the mighty Vegetto
has been absorbed
inside Majin Buu.
No warriors remain who can
defeat the pink menace.
The future of Earth,
not to mention the universe,
looks bleak--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Looks like our plan to sneak
our way inside of Buu worked.
But, huh, that's funny.
It seems that when
our barrier came down,
we split back
into our own bodies.
[VEGETA]
And not a moment too soon!
I was getting sick of
sharing a body with you!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"Rescue Gohan and the Others!
Goku and Vegeta's
Infiltration Mission!"
[GOHAN] Awesome! Looks like
Buu is turning back
into his old self!